doc(talos): v2 engine support (#981)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.8.0/important-notes/_index.md

For more information, see [Issue #8184](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/8184).

## OS Distro Specific

### Talos Linux

> The v2 volumes are supported from Longhorn v1.8.0. To use the v2 data engine, setup your Talos Linux cluster to meet the v2 data engine prerequisites. For more information, see [Talos Linux Support: v2 data engine](../advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/talos-linux-support#v2-data-engine).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Longhorn v1.8.0 and later versions support usage of V2 volumes in Talos Linux clusters. To use V2 volumes, ensure that all nodes meet the V2 Data Engine prerequisites. For more information, see [Talos Linux Support: V2 Data Engine](../advanced-resources/os-distro-specific/talos-linux-support#v2-data-engine).
```
